Update EIP overview pages (#738)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/message-routing/overview.md

# Message Routing

A [message router]({{base_path}}/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-systems/message-router) is a basic architectural pattern of a messaging system used fundamentally for connecting different message channels. A router consumes a message from one message channel and republishes it to a different channel based on specified conditions.

> This section introduces various types of routers and how each of them can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section introduces various types of routers and how they can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.
```
